each one has it's own opinions, feelings, theories, experiences
afraid to speak your mind
bosses are smart, highly paid, confident, outspoken, so you hold back to not risk to anger someone with a position of power
don't end up quietly criticizing and passively resisting
arguing, debating, running away, or otherwise
we don't confront people in position of authority
cold sholder, silence, hints, sarcasm, caustic humor, innuendo, looks of disgust, play the martyr, blame, violence, subtle manipulation, verbal attacks, acting like you know everything, discredit others, borrow power from the boss, hit people with biased monologues, hurtful comments, 
when stakes are high, opinions vary, and emotions run strong
controversial opinions, feelings, and ideas

--------------------------------------------------------------------
opinions vary
stakes are high
emotions run strong
tough conversations
change subject when an issue gets too risky
walk away from crucial conversations and suffer the consequensces
pause, take a deep breath, pay attention
boldly step up to hot topics
we say things we later regret
the more difficult the conversation, the worst your mind/body perform (like a monkey)
crucial conversationks usually comes out of nowhere, caught you by surprise
cool as a cucumber
[list of examples of crucial conversations]
win without becoming defensive or angry
is HOW you argue that matters
sarcastic remarks
all communities face problems. The difference lies in how they deal with problems.
don't allow uresolved problems to build up and the boil over.
master crucial conversation = healthier life
don't force your opinion to people
don't stay silent
learnable skill or magical
share your views even when their ideas are controversial or unpopular
openly and honestly express their opinions, share their feelings, and articulare their theories
the one secret: free flow of meaning
afraid to speak your mind
dialogue skills are learnable
don't debate, silent treatment, manipulation,
arguing, pushing, namecalling, blame others, resort to silly games,
it's the most talented, not the least talented, who are continually trying to impreove their dialogue skills
work on yourself first
know what you want, keep focus, despite constant invitations to slip away from your goals, stick with them
stares at the floor
freeze and turn bright red
do you walk the talk of openness and honesty?
or are you raging hypocrite like so many of the senior executives who came befor you?
handle your emotion while under attack
defend yourself
don't be evasive
look surprised, embarassed, and maybe eve a little upset
attack > strike back? nope
biggest barrier
ashamed or angry to grateful
cold shoulder
are you changing your goal to save face, avoid embarassment, win, be right, or punish others?
adrenaline does our thinking?
intricate social issues and not physical threats
seeking revenge, hoping to remain safe, wanting to win,
the disire to win is continually driving us away form healthy dialogue
the goal is to resolve a problem, don't switch purpose in a heartbeat when under attack
we chooose (at least in our minds) peace over conflict
you don't have only 2 options: honest and attack our spouse, or kind and withhold the truth
pick your poison
you can be honest and respectful
people who destroy your self-image if they want to keep their integrity
ugly truth
silly games
start with heart, know what you want
no silence and violence
not insult or offend
not come across as self-righteous or demanding
not getting into an argument
leanr to speap up and maintain respect
perverted logic
nod in agreement
remember that the only person you can directly control is yourself
clarify what your really want
sucker choice: choosing between peace and honesty, between winnign and loosing
nasty argument
notice physical signals, their stocach gets tight or their eyes get dry
scared, hurt, angry
step back, slow down, take steps to turn yoru brain back on
raising their voice, pointing their finger like a loaded weapon, becoming very quiet
if you don't fear that you're being attacked or humiliated, you yourself can hear almost anything and not become defenseve
if the other part believe you have their best interest in mind, thery will respect and listen to your opinion
felt safe receiving the feedback
when it's unsafe, you start to go blind
fight your natural tendency to respond in kind, undo years of practice
look for safety, not curious, not angry, not frightende
silence: withholding meaning from the pool
violence: trying to force meaning in the poool
verbal games to avoiding
masking: sarcasm, sugarcoating, and couching are popular ones
violence is verbal strategy that attempts to convince, control, complel (violate safety)
namecalling and monologuing to making threats
controlling, lageling, attacking
cutting others off, overstating your facts, speaking in absolutes, changing subjects, using directive questions ot control the conversation
labeling: putting label on people or ideas so that we can dismiss them under a general stereotype or category
attacking: velitting, and treatening
bully your way through
give your full and candid opinion
[list of eamples]
silence, violence, masking, controlling, avoiding, labeling, withdrawing, attacking,
state my path, learn to look, explore others' paths, make it safe, move to action, master my story

make it safe ----------------------- 
silence leads to resentfullness
the best don't play games
no pretending, sugarcoating, or faking
don't make feel guilty, don't become defensive
malicious intent
how can they feel safe when they believe your're out to do them harm?
mutual purpose
look for the mutuality
boss who frequently fails to keep commitments?
how to say your boss you don't trust him without him becomong defensive or vengeful
him missing deadlines? incur costs he frets over, lose productivity?
mutual respect?
mutual respect is the continuance condition of dialogue
repsect is like air, if you take it away, it's all people can think about
when people feel disrespected their emotion turn from fear to anger
look for ways we are similar
lord, help me forgive those who sin different than I
to restore mutual respect: apologize, contrast, crib
apologize when appropriate
to offer a sincere apology, your motives have to change
sacrifice a bit of your ego by admitting your error
use contrasting when people start arguing or misunderstanding
don't take back what you've said, instead put it in context
tell what you don't and do believe
crib
- commit to seek mutual purpose ("it seems like we're both trying to force your views. I commit to stai in this discussion until we have a solution both of us a re happy with")
- recognize, ask others "why do you want that?" know what people's real purposes are
- invent a mutual purpose
- brainstorm new strategies
unproductive conflict
suspend judgement and think outside the box for new alternatives
step out of the content of the conflict, stop focusing on who thinks what
one team resent the other one

master my stories
emotions raging like hot magma
people can't push your buttons, only you can
monopolize the presentation
don't be hold hostage bt your emotions, nor do you try tro hide or suppress them
you tell your own stories
since you are telling the story, you can take back contro of your own emotions
"nothing in this world is good or bad, but thinking makes it so"
act - notice your silece or violence behavior
feel - what emotions are you expreiencign
tell story - what story is creating that emotion
see/hear - what eveidence support that story?
stop and review, self-doubt
embarrassment and surprise, deeling violated, humilated and cheated
victim stories - it's not my fault
virtues/vices
villain stories - it's all your fault
double standards
helpless stories - thre's nothing else i can do
when you demonize others, you can even insult and abuse
admit errors
victim/villain
(examples of clever stories)
aim for results, not self-justification
accuse
masters rather than hostages
apologize for dominating

outspoken by whom?
the more important the discussion the less likely we are to bo on our best behaviour
shutting others down rather trhan opening them uo to our ideas
make it about facts, not people
3 ingredient: confidence, humility, skill
don't jump with ugly accusations followed by threat
despite your worst suspicions, you shouldn't violate respect
state:
	share your fact
	tell your story
	ask for others' paths
	talk tentatively
	encourage testing
drunk on adrenaline
facts are more persuasive than subjective conclusions
start with observations, not stories
do not apologize for your views
soften the message:
	"the fact is..." to "in my opinion..."
	"everyone knows that" to "i've talked to three of our suppliers who think that"
	"it's clear to me" to "i'm beginning to wonder if"
the more forceful you are, the less persuasived you are (people get resistant)
tentative but not wimpy
don't start with disclaimers
	"call me crazy but..."
are you leaning forward?
are you speaking more loudly?
are you starting to try to win?
are you speaking in lengthy monologues and using dirty tricks?
tone down your approach
dangerous territory

one of the best ways to persuade others is with your ears - by listening to them
be sincere, be curious
when others start to get offensive, break the cycle
AMPP
	ask
	mirror
	paraphrase
	prime
mirroring is good when the other person's tobne of voice or gesture are inconsistent with words
remain calm and collected
if the otehr person keps rejecting you, sotp pestering or prying
if you push too hard you violate purpose and repsect
attacking or avoiding
prime: guess before asking (last resort)
slikently fuming
start with areas of agreement, don'tturn an agreement into an argument
if it's a small disagreement on unimportant stuff, move on
agree and build "absolutely. in addition, i noticed that..."
compare
questions: ask > mirro > paraphrase > prime
answers: agree > build | compare

how to turn crucial conversations into action and results
4 types of decision making
	command
	consult
	vote
	consensus
when taking decisions, ask yourself:
	who cares?
	who knows?
	who must agree?
	how many people is it worth involving?
command:
	are too bossy?
	explain why
	give freedom on the how
consultations:
	do that only if the boss hasn't already secretly make a decision
vote:
	take a vote only when losers don't care to much
	vote to reducea list from twenty to five
consensus:
	everyone must agree (genuinely)
always decide:
	who? ("we" is not an answer)
	does what? (detail everything)
	by when?
	how will you follow up?
write down everything, details, conclusions, decisions, assignment	

putting it all together
learn to look
make it safe
action ampp
decision
learn from previous cruvial convfersations
(see pdf)

yeah, but ... advices for though cases
sarcastic or cutting comment
resentment build up
failure to keep a commitment
trust and respect
take preemptive strike against all new excuses
insubordination

