books
	outrageous advertising that's outrageously successful
	acres of diamonds russel conwell
	greener pastures - earl nightingale
	making them believe
	celebrity leverage: insider secrets
	uncensored sales strategies, sydney biddle barrows
	winning through intimidation
	action, nothing haoppens until something moves
	how to manage and execute telphone selling
	the be your own boss system for entreprenuyr magazine

preface
	who your message should be for?
	invest in the most appropriate media
	are measuring results?

1. right message
	a message that place you in a category of one
	check competition and list (count occurences) each promise, feature, benefit, and statement
		you'll see that everybody is saying the same unfocused broad thing

	1. UPS
		make a proposition promise ("the new ecology")
		price, product positioning, place, color, size, scent, celebrity endorsement, location, hours of op.
		being number one
		"fresh, hot pizza delivered in 30 minutes or less, guaranteed."
		"micorwave dinners: for kids to make for themselves"
		"a stress management seminar: for carrer women"
		"a shampoo and conditioner: for swimmer's hair"
		aim to the "hey, that's for me" reaction
		ask yourself: "why should I choose you versus any other competitor?"
		boost your ups with an irresistivle offer
		(youthfullness), quality, value, trustworthiness
		what's your magnificent mission?
		your marketing message is the story you're going to tell about your business in
			advertising, marketing, online, offline, media, direct mail, conversationally,
		homeworks: take all competitors, dissect them (see above), put everythin in 3-5 cards
			prioritize for profit, and add your spin to make the best message ever

2. presentation
	fresh fish example
	chiropractors with coats and stethoscope example
	people have expectations
	great package
	fast delivery
	postpurchase reassurance
	before sale, during sale, after sale
	confusion is the worst presentation mistake
	1. be well organized (structure for website)
		1. awareness of need/desire
			keep remembering people about their problems and what's costing them
			exampes (discover)
			the more clearly a message points to consequences, the more urgently people focus on message
		2. picking the thing that fulfills the desire
			present ozone as a viable, effective, accepted, credible safe, gentle
			nonsurgical, nondrug alternative
		3. pick the source of the thing
			you UPS
		4. accept the source price/value argument
		5. find a reason to act now
		examples
	2. ignite interest
		sin: being boring
		the power of "secrets"
		"how to steal your boss blind! an employee's guide to getting what's coming to you"
		add drama to presentations (dramatic demonstrations)
		before after photos
		dramatic stories of satisfied customers
		shocking statistics and revelations (controversity is the best)
	3. ask for action
		the guts to ask for action every time, in every presentation
		never fail to ask for specific action
		assume nothing
		be clear, simple, quick

3. targets
	sin: wastin your weaponry aiming at the wrong targets
	no blind archery
	examples
	3 best ways to target market
		1. geographic: local nwspaper, mail, zip codes, internet,
			1. drive the neighborhoods
			2. find a good one and work it to death
			3. market by affinity or association (call them "warriors")
			identify now buyers

4. proof
	people has been lied to so much they don't trust anybody anymore
	beware of irrestible offers: if they sound too good to be true, no one will trust you
	beware of big discounts or free stuff
	people may not believe 50% discounts or even guarantees
	rule: prove every single item in your case
	have not just enough proof, have a PREPONDERANCE OF PROOF
	pictures that prove your case
	what others say about you is better than what you say about yourself
	good testimonia = before/after
	for testimonal:
		list every claim feature benefit and fact
		list every doubt fear question
	examples
	long testimonials are good
	use real people and celebrity testimonials too
	if not testimonials:
		association (introductions by other famous author experts) (studies)
		pictures (photos of audiences)
		math (x people are dying every...)
		statistics (join the x new members in the family)

5. perception
	describe the perception of your business
	does everything contribute to projecting that image
	if you are premium, show you are premium
	perception congruency
	look like you have already a lot of business going on, no one parks in an empty park

6. heat
	sin: takeing your customers loyaly for granted
	constant change, what's new?
		look mcdonald
		nwe product
		incredible offer
		new game
		new gree gift
		new services
	get prestidious recognition
		media
		tdrade journal
		cutotiveate relatinsips
		local media
		online media
rie int o trends news events
have breaking news
seasons and holidays
movies and netertainment events
book
charities
press kit and news release
	see list (important) wow factor
press releases (always looking for news)



-----------------------
7. action
-----------------------
there is alqays somenthying thant cna be done right now
learn to get customers without too much capital
if it's a prospective customer to call, it's not an interruption (hage a great attutude)
capture leads from inbound alls
only trained people should reply calls
[check list sfor script]
capture callers identity and market tto them
	email 
the telephone up-sell
outbound calls, telephone follow-ups
telemarketing after direct mail
script:
	[see script]
you cant do business sitting on your ass
hustle
take-one boxes and contest-entry boxes
strategic alliances
	asset sharing for marketing success
	joint ventures
	customers is the most valuable assets in the world
	parassite marketing
		[examples]
	be resourceful, have resources
		there is always something you can do


-----------------------
8. equity
-----------------------
invest and create assets
your customers are your biggest asset, nurture existing customers
indifference is the number 1 cause for customers leaving you
	[examples of neglect]
make the customer feel important, appreciated, and respected
an attitude of gratitude
periodic big event to show clients appreciation
reward programs (not as great)
excel in customer-service diplomacy
	have a customer diplomacy program
	treat customer as guest, not as your unreasonable master
	1. greet, welcome, honor
	2. answer customers' questions knowledgeably
		enforce scripted answers
	3. have policies
	4. have a process for handling complaitns in place
		would you rather be right or rich?
sin: letting a customer leave angry without first exhausting every means at your displosal to resolve the dispute
design reactivation campaigns (se examples)
	1. increase average order or purchase size
	2. increase frequency of repaet purchase
	3. offer existent customers a greater variety of goods and servicews
secret weapon: develop new products and services for existent customers / not get new customers for existent prod
ultimate wealth plan
	assets = equity
	equity = wealth

-----------------------
9. customer multiplication
-----------------------
referrals are the best type of customers
each customer has the potential of referring 52 other customers (maybe 37 in B2B)
EAR formula:
	E: earn - do it so well people can't resits telling other people (excellence)
		overdeliver, give them more than what they expect
		[examples]
	A: ask
		1. display and convey your expectations
		2. conduct referral promotions
		3. conduct referral events
	R: recongnize and reward
		call with thanks, send personal note or gift when they refear someone (make a big deal of it)
secret weapon: enlist a "champions"

-----------------------
10. creating short term sales surges
-----------------------
big discount, believable reason why
(examples of good reasons)
red-tag sale
coupons, double coupons, checks
premium amakes the difference
(examples of strategies)
easy payment terms

-----------------------
11. profitably using marketing technologies and online marketing media
-----------------------
websites
other narketing platforms
youtube (resources)
social media
email marketing
free recorded messages
automated lead capture by recorded message (beware of law)
print vs online
still using mail
as far as the ROI is good, all media are good
be an independed thinker
(resources)

-----------------------
bonus
-----------------------

1. make an ordinary business unique ----------------------- 
(examples)

-----------------------
2. the power of premiumization
-----------------------


