be an expert, not a friend.
know your clients better than they know themselves.
sales is not about you, is all about discovering prospects problems.
create demand, don't just react to it.
the close happens at the beginning, the sales is won or lost during th discovery.
more questions, more deals. ask, ask, ask...
get them to talk as much as possible.
there are about 5.4 buyers in every sale on B2B

know the problem first, call second.
make a list of all the problems you can solve and the benefits they will bring.

probing questions: "help me understand how many X you have"
process questions: "help me understand how you do you do X"

banish open-ended answers
buyer: we are not growing fast enough.
you: define that for me. what does "fast enough" means for you.
buyer: we're only growing by 22%. we need to be hitting 25%.

don't just find problems - hunt them down

provoking questions:
what happens when you...?
has there ever been a time when...?
if you did X, what do you think would happen?
what if you could...?
what whould happend to your business if you could...?

business problems and technical problems
technical problems leads to business problem
ex. a bad database leads to loss in revenue 

discover the root cause
how do you think this problem is happening?
how do you think your current processes are affecting this?
how has the implementation of this product affected your business?

validating questions > use them throughout sales calls > keep confirming you are on the same page before shifting topic.
what I hear you saying is...
am I understanding you correctly?
did I get this right?

conducting the conversation:
tone > be professional and empathic
timing > plot your question wisely and in the right order if you want them to open up

the opportunity: qualified or not?
1. does the prospect have a problem you can fix?
2. does the prospect agree they have a problem?
3. does the prospect want to fix the problem?
4. will the prospect go on a journey with you to fix the problem?

where does your buyer want to go?

have patience:
- you may need more than one interraction to gather all necessary data

CRM
record any minute detail. record numbers.

your buyer should be your partner

you are not selling ozone, you are selling 600$ x cycle x cell
if you cant provide enough gap value, tell them you are not a good fit

know your customers' why
if they have no alternative, they will pay big bucks

how to get to the heart of the matter
discovery is all bout quantifying the prospect's current and future states.
they want 20% growth? ask them why not 30%.
technical improvements >> business improvements >> core improvements

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

how to do a kickass demo
no discovery, no demo
discovery and demo are 2 separate days
if the discovery shows you are not a good fit, refuse to do the demo
no ifs, stop saying "if you have this problem, then..."
stick to 6 features, dont vomit features, just select the very few that have a meaningful impact for the buyer
ask validating questions to make sure you are on the same page: "do you see how this will increase your sales?"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

move your deals through the pipeline
1. nail down their decision criteria
	- "how are you going to decide what's the best solution for you?"
	- if their criteria conflic with their desired future, stop them and ask for clarification.
		- "i'm confused. you said ..."
		- do it with tact, diplomacy, and grace
2. know the buying process
	- "can you tell me a little about your company's buying process?"
3. focus on the next YES
	- every YES you hear is a small sale
	- focus on "selling" the next small logical step

you are not the customer's bitch
you are a consultant, a collaborator, a partner - not a servant.
the customer is not always right.
it's a collaborative sale, not a competitive one
at the beginning the buyer is the one with power, buy you need to earn the power throughout the sale
agree to a trial if... (set conditions)
don't dismiss unreasonable demands, but turn them into reasonable ones by adding conditions
explaing the WHY of the demands
never send prices before talking to them and understanding their problems

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

part 3

getting the first YES
consult, not sell
problem finder, problem solver

prospecting is hard
	- buyers are crazy busy
	- prospecting is the first yes

BUY the rest of the BOOK?
