==============================
== INTRO ==
==============================

general knowledge
special knowledge
client knowledge

!!! Plant enough seeds, and when the client is ready it will buy from you
	people don't buy preventions, but remedies

what people want?
	- products that works (flawlessly)
	- easy to operate/install

scare tactics and statistics don't work?

communicate facts and emotions


=======================
UNCENSORED SALES SECRETS
=======================

SECRET 1: stop. don't do another thing, do not spend another penny until you have figured ot what usiness you are relly in and what your customer really wants
SECRET 2: so many bussinessowners let themselves be blindfolded when they fall int the "my business is different" trap. that is not jsut sensory deprivation, that's opportunity deprivation.
SECRET 3: all businesses are alike. if the call girl business ca pick yp viable stratgies from the cosmetics business, then you business can implement strategies from an escort service. just keep it clean and legal.

create a unique Experience. Fantasy. the best the experience, the more you charge.

consistency is key: be congruent, small details matters

your business is not different
look at business around you and keep an open mind, especially to businesses on different niches

the more niche is the market, the easier is to command premium prices
gift-with-purchase is a good strategy if the gift is spot-eon
gift must reinforce your image and position in the market


AIM TO PLEASE
-----------------------

SECRET 4: the needs and desires of your customer determine what business you are really in. what is it they dream about, aspire to, fantasize doing or having? satisfy these basic, often secret, desires and watch your business take off.

why you buy stuff? for real? hopes, needs, fears, desires, dreams, fantasies, self-affirmations, aspirations

some ways the sales process crews this up:
	- everyone involved in the sale needs to be on the same page
	- be prepared, have all the info you need to reply at everything the customer may ask
	- don't be careless and lazy
	- know what customers actually experience when doing business with you


the sales process is like a bridge, that customers has to cross to get to you

what breaks the bridge:
	- fail to communicate you have "it"
	- bad sales process 
	- you don't know what really "it" is, and offer the wrong thing, inccacure version of it, or incomplete
	- carge less than it's real value because you positioned "it" unproperly


what matters:
	- the first point of contact is important
	- first action from client easily understood
	- easy contact options
	- easy to find you, navigate website
	- clear desciption of product
	- easy financial transaction
	- fast easy delivery

SECRET 5: mother may have warned you that being easy was a bad thing. but im telling you that being easy is not only a good thing, it will meake you good money too.

easy/fast purchases may not be good for high-ticked products?

selling the features of the product makes the least amount of money
	sell solutions and benefits instead of things
	better yet, sell aspirations, hopes, dreams, even fantasies, experiences people want

always meet the expectations of the experience you offer (from people to products)

are you selling commondities?
	people cares about how quickly your can accomplish the transaction
	
are you selling solutions and benefits?
	customers wants proof (graphs, charts, photographs, testimonials, reports, detailed explanations, physical demonstrations)

are you selling product or service with strong emotional component (aspirations, hopes, dreams, fantasies)?
	script presentations than make the customer feel they are already experiencing it

SECRET 6:
	if you do not make sure your employees are fully briefed about your advertising and marketing campaigns, you are just pouring jeroboams (four ordinary bottles of champagne) of money down the drain.

make a sales choreography both physical and psychological, to manipulate customers to perceive you and your business in a particular way 

SECRET 7:
	you need more than good foreplay to consumate the deal

use the right words, the words that resonate with them

the movie in your customer's mind must correspond with the reality he exeprinces


ATTRACTION
-----------------------

to get attention, unique design that stands out and nevers seen
make the ad in a way that filters out the customers you don't want
your ideal client should fit your employees experiences too

SECRET 8:
	just because a prospect fits int your ideal parameters, they are still not an ideal client if they are difficult or unpleasant to do business with

if you have more than 1 subniche, run separate campaigns targeting each

mass appeal = commondity business
	you attract a lot of bad luck
	waste time, energy, and resources

use an appointment as a filter for looky lous people?

care about your decor or your packaging
	if your office has oriental rugs, period forniture, beautifull sofas and chairs, your price is high

SECRET 9:
	time is money, whether you are in the business of charging by the hour or not

the customer is always right, if they want the best and pay the most, give it to them
	some clients just want the most expensive option, regardless if it's the right one for them

alway have a premium-priced version of your procduct of service
	take your base service and add "bunus" stuff (ex. dedicated line number, anciliary products, special offers)

have one/two other price points in between plain and premium

there are riches in niches
	if you have a shih tzu dog wouldn't you pay more for biscuits that clamin to be for shih tzu dogs?

catering to your clientele



SEDUCTION
-----------------------

satisgying your customers secret desires
listen to your customers, read between the lines, and understand what they really want
different people have different tastes and want different experiences than you do

SECRET 10:
	it's not about you. your customers couldn't care less what you like or what you think they should buy. costomers only care about what they want. so if you are interested in getting their money into your pocket, you'd better find out exactly what that is.

you are not your customer
don't try to help people who don't want to be helped
hear what they want directly from them, work with them on a personal level
pick up the small things and nuances, interpret them and create an effective script to sell
do:
	- reply mails and call un hour a week yourself
	- review service and complaint logs
	- meet with staff
	- track your website
	- a-b test

the customer don't just buy the product, but everything that comes with it

have a strong guarantee, and gurarantee only what you can, get creative
don't worry about people who take advantage of guarantees, they are the minority
	- the sale you made because of the guarantte compensate the people who take advantage from them

SECRET 11:
there is no business in which a creative and persuasive guarantee cannot be made. you may just need to dig a little to find it

SECRET 12:
determine what perception you want prospects or customers to have about your business, and also the perception your customers want to have about you. then work out a plausible story or strategy that will create or enhance those percepsiotns. if the sotry includes some creative elements (in moderation, of course, don't thing of ita as beign deceitful, think of it as giving your customers the opportunity to experitnce feeling good about themselves and their choices. they will apppreciate you for being the source or catalyst of those ppositive feelings of leasure, and validation.

take as many testimonials as you can
	- make a testimonial boo
		- show it to prospect to show them they are not "experiments"
		- make them believe that, one day, they will have their own "page of success"

what other say about you is much more impressive than any claim you could ever make about yourself

make them "buy" as soon as they show interest (reply to your ad):
	- offering a limited number of the item
	- offering a bonus the customer would find appealing, but only for a limited time
	- offering a bonus for the first X people who make a purchase
	- making it clear you will be raising the price on a specific date
	- informing them you are disconrinuing the item once they are all gone 

make them feel like you are making it special just for them
	- if you don't sell exactly what they need, tell them you will find a way to do it?
	- ex. different color, delivered by the most senior person on staff



SATISFACTION
-----------------------

satisfy your customer emotional needs
customers don't buy jsut you product, but also you, your staff, and your business
show your customers you are happy to deal with them
remember previous conversations, names, and make them feel special
staff is important

illusion
people want to go to vip places because they want to feel vip
so become vip in the sense that other want to associate with you
what can you do to become the best in your area?

surprises
give unexpected gifts
only gifts that supposrts the image of the business

recognition
express gratitude to them for their continued loyalty
send thank-you note
make follow-up calls to thank for purchases
flowers to female clients?
don't follow for cliche, like key rings or t-shirs with your logo, no alchool, etc.. and no bulk stuff too

belonging
make people feel like belonging to your place
make them feel like an old friend
make your customers feel recognized, pecial, valued, and appreciated

SECRET 13:
regular and frequent contact is key. you don't want to be perceivedd as the occasional one-night stand.



CREATING AND DIRECTING THE MOVIE IN YOUR CUSTOMERS MIND
-----------------------

the first message your marketing send begin tghe process of forming a movie in your porspect mind
first, understand the nature of their desire
second, what is the experince they hope to have during the purchase
third, the experience they hope after they got the product in their hot little hands
what result they hope, want, expect?
also, what are their fears (during and after the sale)?

developing the script
your business must have a plot or story
use the story to build your prospect mental movie

the set
the set is where the action (sale) takes place
office? store? website? direct mail? advertisement? brochure?
make the set support the storyline
be sure your set deliver the experience your prospet or customer hopes or expects to encounter

the characters
appearance, demanor, actions, (dress)
all coherent

the dialog
what to say and how to say it?
have written script to follow
how do you anwer phone, greet customers, say goodbye?

background
do employees have all the info they need to help prosepcts make decisions to book appointment or purchase?
do they have all info about product?
if possible, give your product to employees to make them familiaraze with it

reality check
be brutally onest on your current situation

get me rewrite
rewrite every inconsistency in your script, and adopt it
go far beyound the expectations your customers have
make staff look and act the part
congruency between fantasy and reality

expectations management
diffuse unrealistic expectations
learn to address your "perfect 10" issue
ex. gosh I wish i could do that. if I could do that, i would sell 100 product a day. but i'm sure we can work on a [product] that give your the result you are looking for.

they can't gen no satisfaction
some people cannot get satisfied, ever. 
when you recongnize them, move out graciously.
dont anger or alienate them, because they will badmouth you
just discourage them from doing business with you
tell them you don't ahve everything they need and suggest them to look for other vendors
don't leave them any room to decide to compromise and go with you anyway
some people play the game of asking for the moon on purpose just to make you believe they are going to do you a favor when they opt for you anyway
get rid of them

height education
educate people who have unrealistic expectaitons because they jsut don't know any better, and get rid of those who fake it

gettin the right perspective
understand both what they want and why they want it
problem? pain? pleasure? gain? ideal outmcome?
highlight your strengths and describe how it will solve thei problems, relieve their pain, give them positive expericne
downplay what you cannot deliver
always be honest and forthcoming on what you cannot do
a damaging admission makes you sound more credible and trustworthy
dont claim you can do it all

doing the research
never ask for things you know the answer will be not possible to deliver
if your product don't have a feature, don't ask the client if he want that feature when you are selling it

hierarchy of needs and deires
find out what features your client desire most and work out the sales pitch from that

managing nevative expectations
never scam people, you get one sale instead of a lifetime of sales
repeat business is key
makeit clear that their satisfaction is extremely important to you because you want to do business withe them again

honesty is the best policy
let people know your "defects" in advance
if something may happen, even if rarely, mention it before they discover it themselves
	but alsom mention you are fully prepared to deal with it
	explain how you will deal with it
	reassure them
tell them that if such-and-such happens, your will do so-and-so to fix it (good for guarantee)

under promise and over deliver (exceeding their expectations) makes a strong first impression.

before/after picture to create a positive mental movie?



WHAT MOVIE ARE YOU CURRENTLY PLAYING?
-----------------------
