bulling people is inferiority, weakness and fear
arrogant, narcissistic person is filled with self-hate
the common reaction to narcissistic people is to want to tear them down, to laugh at them, or to resist their claims of grandiosity, but this only strengthens the feelings of shame that created the split in the fisrt place

You win arguments with logic, not aggressiveness.

Slow down. Breathe deeply. Count to 10. Resist the dark urge to inpulsively react, and learn to calmly respond. Self-control is the mark of a grown up man.

a person's grandiosity is essentially a defense
painful, uncomfortable feelings, relieve the pain and discomfort by ignoring and denying the feelings
shadow projection, attributes his own shadow traits to another person
feels intellecually inferior may call everyone else stupid, it has nothing to do with you and everything to do with them
manipulative: for example, compimenting the person's intelligence when you want to flatter them
be curious but be kind
don't try to figure out a button you can push for your own gain
honesty
shame, fear, doubt, rage
emotionally intelligent
we all sometimes feel small, weak, unlovable, confused, lazy, selfish, lustful, jealous, mean, cowardly
anger, embarrassment, shame, feel the need to defend yourself
step back and analyze your response, be courios about your respones. his shadow triggered yours
insulting you tells a lot about other people shadows
people insulting you is often nothing more than the label they cant acknowledge they actually give themselves
if you realize this, ...
keep your cool
mutual ego-defense session, argument
shadow game

aske these questions:
	what is this person actively and conciously portraying to me right now?
	what might this person be unwilling to acknowledge about themselves?
	how might this unackowledged part of themselves be unconciously drivingt whe behabior i see on the surface?
	how is this person making me feel right now? do i feel like they are projecting onto me or triggering my own shadow?
	how can i communicate compassion and understanding for what's in their shadow, right now?

the goal is to read between the lines
inner child, the part of us that still remain in the unconcous from childhood
argument with a partner, when they are angry and defensive they are scared child throwing a tantrum
dealig with a child who simply happened to be in the shape of a grown adult
pay attention
disrpoportionate emotion
offended
some nerve has been touched
we expect to take responsibility, show self-restraint, and behave with reason and respect for others
a child whan you to act as a parent, with soothing, reprimanding, or taking responsibility for them
people who flakes on meetings with you
when you confront htem, they opout and deny it and sulk
rebellious child
never take responsibility
conflict
human needs and motivations
pleasure or pain
when you really grasp a person's true motivations, you can even predict how they might act in the future
clarity
we can easily be manipulated and motivated by pleasure and pain
addict
every decision we make is based on gaining pleasure or avoiding pain
people work harder to avoid pain than to get pleasure
hit rock bottom
avoid
a wounded animal
we are driven more by the perception of thing than not from the things itselves
flawd
repellent
grossed
ex. the idea of eating insects disgust you, even if you have never tried them
comfort
procrastinate
relief
daily ritual
distant realities don't drive people, immidiate gratification do
crave one, headache
* emotion beats logic
warnings
* survival overrides everything
survival instinct
get the hell out of the way
resist it
your life depends on it
read people actions in terms of the motivation of pleasure or pain
ask yourself what good thing they gain by behaving as they do, or what bad thing they aboid - or both
turn boring things into a fun game, or link up to the anticipation of a reward
sometimes, people can exercise discipline, restraint, self control, delayed gratification, and helping others

