formulas:
	how to [booster] [benefit] by [mechanism].
	how to [booster] [do something] without [pain point].

active listening: how to quickly charm anyone by barely saying any word
saying no: how to effectively say "no" to someone without ruining your relationship

breathwork: how to get rid of anxiety in 3 minutes or less by using the 666 breathing technique

1. find a safe place

locate a place where you can be alone. any room will do it. your bedroom, your office, or even the toilet. just make sure you are alone and no one can see you or talk to you. this way you can focus 100%.

2. sit down

sitting down is not mandatory, but highly recommended (especially the first time you practice this). breathwork can make you feel dizzy if you never done it before, so sit down to avoid an accidental fall.

3. close your eyes

close your eyes gently to block any external visual stimulation. the goal is to redirect your focus to your breathing as much as possible, and avoiding any kind of distraction helps a ton.

4. inhale for 6 seconds (with the nose)

take a deep breath with your nose and try to fill your lungs to the maximum. inhale for about 6 seconds. just count the seconds in your head, don't stress about perfection.

5. exhale for 6 seconds (with the mouth)

vigorously exhale with your mouth an try to completely empty your lungs, like blowing a balloon. again, the blowing should take about 6 seconds.

6. repeat inhale/exhale 6 times

continue the cycle of inhaling/exhaling (step 4 and 5) for 6 times in a row without taking any break in between. 

7. wait for a few seconds before standing up

this breathing routine will bring a lot of oxygen into your loungs and brain. so, the first time you practice it, you may feel dizzy. make sure to take a moment to recover before standing up.

WARNING:

feeling a little dizzy is expected, but fainting is not. practice it slowly the first time, so you know how your body reacts to a higher dose of oxygen. also, if you are asmatic or a pregnant woman, consult a doctor first.

A 7 Seconds Recap:

1. find a safe place 
2. sit down
3. close your eyes
4. inhale for 6 seconds (with your nose)
5. exhale for 6 seconds (with your mouth)
6. repeat inhale/exale 6 times
7. wait for a few seconds before standing up

