preamble

i still remember my first judo competition, i almost puke. yes you read it right. my heart was pounding non stop, my salivation stopped, my legs shuffled my mynd was blank and my eyes was seeing double. why was that? well at that time i didn't understand. yes i felt anxious but can someone feel that anxious sa much as ir's lmost to puke? i thought it wasnt possible. i felt anxios in my life before. yes matter of fact im a very anxious person, put not that axious. not to the point to ghave a panica attac. at schoo during test i was bit anxious. when i talket to pretty girs i was a bit anxious . whn i did something new and out of my comfort zone i was a bit anxious . but vomiting? seriousl? yes seriously. at tat time i dint know what was the reson. i believed in fact that i i was really sick , not a nxious. i thouth tha it wos an wpiscodic think. but i soon discovered i was wrong. in fact sonn after the secont copetition arrive, and guess what happpened? it happened again. and so at the third and forth. so it wasn't wpisodic. there was something else. and i started asking myself what was it. thwat was the different between all other stuff and the specific judo competition. then it hit me. think about it. in a a juso competition there's an extrem social aspet at play. it was social anxiate at it's worst. me and my opponent. on a reing, slurrounded by hundreds of people who was watching up, in a trual of strendt. the all my buddie were watchin me. my couch was watching me. my parents was watching me. pretty youg ladies were watchim me. if i failed then the there. my entire world new about my failure. that suvconcious thought was umberable. but then i noticed. i wand't alone. as much as my buddies were trhyng their best to hide it, like i was too, too too tooo too too too, theyu were facing the sanme vomiting inducing struggle. yes, they too. so we sturt supporting each others and exbvange every bit of inter we had to try to solve the problem. after a while we were able to identify the mos t useful tips anhd compiled them into a routine thate we start to perform every time social anxiety hit us. a routine that ultimately helped up halve social axiety in less than 5 minutes without pills drugs and alchohol. noow, i've been following that routing for ma little less thean 20 years, and never failed men. it takes little practice to knlearn and it's better than enything else i've ever experimented as a first-aid approach. and nkw i'm sharing this routine with you...

Where it all began
 
I still remember my first Judo competition… I almost THREW UP.
 
Yes, you read it right. T-H-R-E-W U-P.
 
My heart was pounding, my legs were shaking, and my hands were sweating.
 
That’s how bad my social anxiety was back then. I mean, can someone get so anxious to almost vomit? Seriously?
 
But, hey… picture this…
 
You are fighting on a “ring”. Just you and your opponent. No one else is there to help you. You are totally alone.
 
And then, at some point, while fighting, you realize that you are surrounded by thousands of people watching you and (in your mind) judging you.
 
Your buddies are watching you. Your couch is watching you. You parents are watching you. Pretty girls are watching you. Even kids are watching you.
 
Can you picture it?
 
Now, let me ask you… What would it mean for you to lose a match under those circumstances? What would it mean for you to prove to your entire “world” how weak and incompetent you are?
 
Scary… ah?
 
If I failed then and there, my entire “world” would know about my failure. And that thought was unbearable.
 
The expectations I had placed on myself were literally killing me. 
 
But, hey… guess what? I soon discovered I was not alone…
 
Yes, as much as my buddies were trying their best to hide it (like I was too), they were in unbearable pain too.
We were all experiencing the same hell.
 
So, out of desperation, we decided to test everything we could possibly think of in order to find “something” that could save use from that ugly feeling of anxiety.
 
After many trials and errors, we were able to identify some useful techniques to cope with social anxiety. 
 
And after many other trials and errors, we were able to pinpoint the techniques that performed the best for us, and soon complied them into an easy-to-execute routine we could use every time social anxiety hit us.
 
A simple routine that ultimately helped us cut social anxiety by half in less than 5 minutes without pills, drugs, and alcohol.
 
Now…
 
I’ve been following that routine since then and, 20 years later, it never failed me. 
 
It takes very little practice to learn and it’s better than anything else I’ve ever tried and tested so far (as a “first aid” approach).
 
So, here’s the routine…







conclusion and next step

before we leave... i want to brifely tocu on some points. yes, it truly want  to overdeliver. you know, i believe in karma. in alll honesty, i didn;'t plan to put this exta stuff here but.. well. whatever. take ie as bonus stuff. deal? there are 3 quwstion i want to address. the first is: are these step set in stone? hell, no. while these are the onese that worked best for me, if you have any reason, you cqan modify them to you. for example if you one peower pose don't like you, change power pose to one thata suit you better. there are dozens of pewer poses you can find online, fint the one that makes you feeel better and us that instead. matter of fact i encourage it. and if you find something better. let me know, i'm obsessed with self improvement and alway lokking to learn more. or if you camomille hate. guess waht. it's not the only one in the hous.e there are toehrs teas that have similarp propertise, just test them and let me know again what you prefer. who knows, maybe you are able to set a new standard. second quwstion is, whad dod i do after the routine. whell the routine is a first aid, but when you approach people is different. a tip fowe when you are in the yee of the storm is to look to one pesron at the time, in the ayes and nothing more.

thiird. is this a cure or whar. well, like I said before this a first aid. if you have ... its not a cure. the only knonw cure i knoe workds reliably is to desintisize. so if you want the cure here's my tip for you. do out each morning and hit a bare. drink a coffe. say thanks and leave. choose a bare small. not supermarket or stuffa. you want to have anhave a decent itnerraction with the barman. those big places treat you as numbers. you want someone who smile at you, who say what you want, who ask you what you want, who ask you how are you while preparing your coffi, and who say a decent dgood n. i suggest you test some local small bar around your area, those that are closer or most convinent for you. if theres only one, go to that one, every morning for the entire week. if you have many, test a different one each thay. then by the end of the fistr week, 2 things should happen? one the feeling of anxiety sould be easied, second you find out which is your preferite one. then stick to your favorite one for another two weeks . now by the ned of the two other weeks, you the feeling of anxiety should be evaporated by the time you enter the bar. if for some reaso this dont happen, youdidn't pick a good bar. find another. the total cost of experiment is one cup of coffe per day for 3 weeks, plus your car some time . but let me ask you? how much will it cost for your to hire a life cousch of, therapist or whuever else? now, if you have bad case of axiety cause by some form of traume, then yes, the terapist is the way to go, as long as you find a good one. but if all you have is a mild dose of social anxiety you want to sroll of your shoulders, you will litterally save thousands of dollars and let me tell you, thei works so myuc better than coaching.
