SELLER: (Problem Question) And are they difficult for your operators to use?

BUYER: (Implied Need) They are rather hard, but we've learned how to get them working.

SELLER: (Implication Question) You say they're hard to use. What effect does this have on your output?

BUYER: (perceiving the problem as small) Very little, because we've specially trained three people who know how to use them.

SELLER: (Implication Question) If you've only got three people who can use them, doesn't that create work bottlenecks?

BUYER: (still seeing the problem as unimportant) No, it's only when a Contortomat operator leaves that we have trouble while we're waiting for a replacement to be trained.

SELLER: (Implication Question) It sounds like the difficulty of using these machines may be leading to a turnover problem with the operators you've trained. Is that right?

BUYER: (recognizing a bigger problem) Yes, people certainly don't like using the Contortomat machines, and operators generally don't stay with us for long.

SELLER: (Implication Question) What does this turnover mean in terms of training cost?

BUYER: (seeing more) It takes a couple of months before an operator gets proficient, so that's maybe $4000 in wages and benefits for each operator. On top of that we pay Contortomat $500 to put new operators through off-site training in their Southampton plant. So add perhaps 1000 for travel costs. You know, that's about $5000 for each operator we train—and I guess we must have trained at least five this year already.

SELLER: SO that's more than $25,000 in training costs in less than 6 months. (Implication Question) If you've trained five people in 6 months, it sounds like you've never had three fully competent operators at any time: how much production loss has this led to?

BUYER: Not much. Whenever there's been a bottleneck, we've persuaded the other operators to work overtime, or we've sent work outside.

SELLER: (Implication Question) Doesn't the overtime add even more to your costs?

BUYER: (realizing the problem is quite serious) Yes, we've been paying overtime at two and a half times the normal job rate. Even with the additional pay, the operators aren't very willing to work the extra hours— which I'm sure is one of the reasons we're getting such high turnover.

SELLER: (Implication Question) I can see how sending the work outside must also increase your costs, but is that the only implication of sending work out? Is the quality of work affected, for example?

BUYER: That's what I'm most unhappy about. I can control the quality of everything we produce internally, but when anything goes outside I'm at the mercy of other people.

SELLER: (Implication Question) And presumably, being forced to send work outside also puts you at the mercy of other people's delivery schedules?

BUYER: Don't talk about it! I've just spent 3 hours on the phone chasing a late delivery.

SELLER: (summarizing) So from what you've said, because your Contortomat machines are so difficult to use, you've spent $25,000 in training costs this year and you're getting expensive operator turnover. You've bottlenecks in production, and these result in expensive overtime and force you to send jobs outside. But sending jobs outside isn't satisfactory, because you're losing quality and getting late deliveries.

BUYER: When you put it that way, those Contortomat machines are creating a very serious problem indeed.





FRIEND: HOW'S your car, Neil?

NEIL: Not too bad. It's getting a bit old, but it still gets me around.

FRIEND: So you're not thinking of a new car, then?

NEIL: No. I can live a little longer with the one I've got.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) But your car must be at least 7 years old. Doesn't this mean that you can't claim any depreciation on it for business use?

NEIL: I suppose that's true.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) So you're losing a couple of thousand a year in tax write-offs?

NEIL: I'd not worked it out—I didn't think it would be that much—but you could be right.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) And doesn't a 7-year-old car mean that you're getting lousy mileage?

NEIL: It's true that I always seem to be filling it up. Yes, it never gave me good mileage—and lately it seems to be getting worse.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) And that's also leading to higher costs for you?

NEIL: Yes, it's expensive to run.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) And doesn't its age also mean a much higher oil consumption?

NEIL: You're right. I'm putting in a quart of oil every time I fill it—it's certainly more expensive to run than I'd like.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) What's the effect of age on your car's reliability?

NEIL: That is a worry. I've only had a couple of breakdowns, but...well, you know how it is, every time I start a journey I wonder whether I'm going to make it OK.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) And if it does break down, isn't it going to be increasingly hard to find a garage that stocks spares for a 7-year-old car?

NEIL: I've been lucky so far, but that's a good point.

FRIEND: (Implication Question) Wouldn't it be awkward for you if you broke down somewhere and had to wait 2 months for spares to be shipped?

NEIL: Yes, that's a worrying thought. You know, I'm beginning to wonder whether the time's come for me to change. What would you recommend in terms of a new medium-size car?