SELLER: (Need-payoff Question)... so would you be interested in a way to control long-distance calls?

BUYER: Well... yes, of course... but that's only one of the problems I have at the moment.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) I'd like to consider those other problems in a minute. But first, you say you would like to control long-distance calling. Why is that important to you?

BUYER: Well, right now I'm receiving a lot of pressure from the controller to contain my network costs. If I could reduce long-distance charges, it would sure help.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) Would it help if you could restrict longdistance calling to authorized persons?

BUYER: Well, yes...it would certainly prevent some of the excessive longdistance usage we're getting. Most of it's coming from unauthorized long-distance use.

SELLER: Can we go back to issues you raised about preparing phone-system management reports? (Need-payoff Question) May I assume you'd like improvement there also?

BUYER: Yes, it woyld be a big help.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) Is that because it would provide you with a better method for telephone cost accounting?

BUYER: Yes. You see, if we can identify departments that make calls, we can hold them accountable for their telephone charges.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) I see.. .is there any other way it might help?

BUYER: Umm...No. I think accountability is the main thing.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) Well that's certainly important...but don't you think it might also be important to know how long it takes to answer incoming calls and the total number of calls that go through each extension?

BUYER: That could be really useful.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) Useful for cost reasons, or is there something else?

BUYER: NO, I wasn't thinking of costs. Where it would really help us is in improving customer service, and in this business that's importantl Can you help us there?

SELLER: Yes, we can. Let me explain how our equipment will help to...





SELLER: SO your main problem is a high reject rate on the material you use for technical tests. (Need-payoff Question) And from what you've said, you'd be interested in anything that can cut this reject rate down?

BUYER: Oh yes. It's a big problem and we've got to take action.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) Suppose you had a material that was easier for your technicians to use, would this help?

BUYER: It would be one factor. But remember that there are lots of other factors, such as processor temperature and developer oxidation.

SELLER: Yes, I understand that there are several factors, and as you say, an easier material is one of them. (Need-payoff Question) Would you explain how having an easier material would help you?

BUYER: Well, it would certainly cut some of the rejects we're getting during the exposure stage.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) And that would be worth doing?

BUYER: Probably. I don't know precisely how much is lost there. It might be enough to make some difference.

SELLER: (Need-payoff Question) Is there any other way that an easier material could help?

BUYER: Those neat cassettes of yours don't need an experienced technician to set them up. Maybe that would help. Yes...if we had a material that was so easy to handle that an assistant could set it up, then the technician could spend more time on the processing stages, which could make a big impact on some of the processor problems we're getting. Hey, I like it.