not smart or gifted
productivity tactics
no time or energy left at the end of hte day
slow down
busy, hurried life
breathing meditation 5 meditiation a day
feel calmer, more clear-headed, and at ease
sit on a chair
observe your breath
when your mind wanders, bring attention back to your breath
set a meditation timer
frustration at times, but over time the ritual grew to easily be the most calming part of my day
productivity hacks
working on autopilot
tryed less frequent breaks
more hurried pace = feel less calm and focused
head wans't clear and less exited
work less deliberately and more often on autopilot
became less productive
slow down, work calmly, and deliberately
relax, clear my head, relieve stress
don't work on autopilot, think more creatively, 
work smarter, not harder
take control over what you're working on instead of working on the tasks that other people throw
the monk moves at a snail's pace
neither too slow or too fast is good for productivity
productivity has nothing to do with how much you do, and everything to do with how much you accomplish.
manage your time, attention, and energy better
3 ingredients of productivity
	time
	energy
	attention
overwhelming number of distractions, stress and pressure
home work, beeps and notifications that hijack attention
less time to cultivate encergy leverls doing exercise, eating well, enough sleep
getting enought sleep requires more time
	but it boosts your neergy and ability to manage your attentionk
eliminating noise and distractions also take time
	but helps you manage your attention better because it provides you with more focus nad clarity 
changing your mindset takes energy and attention
	but will let you get more done in less time
no difference in socioeconomic standing between someone wh is an early riser and someone who is a night owl
	we are all wired differently
	it's what you do with your waking hours, theat makes the difference
productivity with a purpose
sexy falues
	discipline, efficiency, meaning, control, growth, freedom, learning, staying organized

the values challenge
	to see if a change is meaningful to you, ask yourself
	when i'm on my deathbed, would i regret doing more or less of this?
	productivity is a bout carving our more time for the fhings that are actually meaningfule to yuo

not all tasks are created equal
	slow down and work more deliverately
	energy levels, focus, productivity
	the best way to learn? teach
	the more i wrote and read, the more productive i would be?
	burned out?
	never equate productivity with efficiency - factory mindset
	time, how often you procrastinate
	attentionn, focus, distraction
	energy, motivation
working smarter
	reflect of wha'ts important and worth doing
	not all tasks are created equal
	ex:
		planning out your weed
		mentoring new employees
		investing in your learning
		pushing back on meetings without and agenda
		saying no to as much busywork as possible
		automating repetitive tasks 
		looking at pictures of baby animals
	vs:
		attending pointless smeeting
		keeping up to date with social media
		checking your emails repeatdly
		reading news websites
		participating in idle chichat
	common sense isn/'t always c9ommon action
your most important tasks
	factory or assembly line?
	productivity isn't about doing more thigns. it's about doing the right things
	3 best tasks:
		1. writing articles about what i lwarned during my project
		2. conducting productivity experiments on myself
		3. reading and researching aboutg productivity
the impact challenge
	prioritizing
	90% of value you contribute to your company is contained in just 3 tasks
	1. make a list of everything your'e responsible for in your work
	2. ask yourself: what's the one item you could do every day that wyould give your the best for the time
	3. then ask yourself the same for the other 2
	highest-return trasks
	
the rule of 3
	knowing is only half the battle
	easy to forget what's most importatn
	tasks come your way
	theory vs practice
	capturing and organizing
	slow down and work more deliberately, with intention
	what to focus every day
	[getting resutls the agile way] productivity througn the lens of simplicity
	[zen habits, lifehakers]
	feel in control
	plan 3 things for the day and for the week
	the number 3 is important, our mind are wired for threes
	deflect unimportant word
	shring low-impact tasks
	minimize the noise around you
	what are you 3 most productive tasks? do them at the beginning of hte day
	fight the urge to check the email. it tough, but worth resisting
	clear mind
	wins achievemebnts or highlights
	list also your smaller tasts
