defeat
no company has enough resources to exploit every opportunity or fight every battle
ability to focus is your greatest asset
power of focus
attack
direct your strongest attacks on your competitor's weakest spots
balance order with flexibility
focus is like the blade of the sword
sharp focus is critical
flow like water around obstacles
cutting edge
aggressive vs passive
winning sword
power, profit, and prestige, position, prosperity
winds of fate
whims of others
unlock the mind and the spirit
win
trash dump
principles
tactics vs strategies
business and executives can survive and prosper without expressed strategies.
but, if businesses do not apply effective tactics on a daily basis, they will not survive for very long.
destroyed
if you and your forces are destroyed
battle tactics for business
victory
battlefield
feudal warfare
execution wins victories
heat of battle
it is the historians that make generals into geniuses
a good idea executed promptly roday is worth a dozen perfect ideas executed next week
teh foundation for execution and effective action is training

the seven principles of competitive success -----------------------
grasp the sword by the hilt
1. ordered flexibility

2. execution
musashi: be prepared to act when the opportunity arises. this requires both courage and patience, order and flexibility. the ability to perceive and benefit from the moment of advantage is developed through constant study and practice.
REACT: resources, environment, attitude, concentration, timing

3. resources
assets and skills
people, plant, equipment, finances, reputation
timely and accurate information
musashi: gather information from every possible source. leave no stone unturned. use spies, consultants, informants. perceiving the enemy's strategy allows you to defeat it. knowing the enemy's position and movement prevents unpleasant surprises. information is the fabric of tactics. you can never know too much about your enemy, yourself, or the situation.

4. environment
face-to-face combat
physical surroungings, terrain weather
market trends, economic, political climat, technology, public opinion
musashi: given the resources, environment, attitude, is it better for me to adopr an offensive, defensive, or neutral approach to the conflict?

5. attitude
confident and competent, aware and ready, neither afraid not careless
train your attitude until it becomes second nature
musashi: during competitive situations, your mind will be as you have conditioned it. in every moment, train yourself to be calm, expectant, observant. see things as they are. do not be taken by surprise. let your senses be open, your mind relaxed, and spirit balanced. meet every challenge with a firm, yer flexible, attitude, centering your attneiton on deremining realigy.
failure must not be an option.
fear is the greatest enemy you face, far greater than any physical opponent. your own fears magnify danger and obscure realtiy.
to win a battle...
nwither imagined fear nor false optimisnm can ghane your real position and circumstancew

6. concentration
tactics are situation dependent
musashi: effective tactics are based on the principle of concentration strength against weakness or resources into opportunity.

7. timing
timing is the critical factor in success
timing and rhythm
musashi: when you engage in competiotnio, you should neither move too quickly nor too slowly. it's not speed in itself, but rhythm and timing, which are critical.

hapan tactics
do not shring from the task

phase 1. copy technology and train people

phase 2. recombine elements and widen
constant practice allows you to concentrate without fixation
reliable, afforfdable transportation

phase 3. increase quality/price ratio and dominate market
offensive tactics succeed best when they focus strength on weakness and take advantage of opportunities presented by opponents
musashi:maintain unyielding determinaiton. constantly try to get the upper hand. follow every opportunity vigorously and thoroughlty. be relentless and consant. allow the enemy no rest. the idea is to cause the competiotnion to collapse. all things collapse when their time comes and their thythm is detroyed. it it important to sense your opponent's rhythm. when his rhythm begins to deteriorate, he becomes vulnerable. if he recovers his rhythm, he can attack you again. in every conflict, there is an opportunity for you to win. a loss of momentum or poise in the opponont's stance will signal your cahnce. be re4ady to strike at this moment.
musashi: you must focus all of your energy on striking the enemy at his moment of vulnerability. make your attack direct and powerful. cut the enemy down so that he is completely unable to recover or conrinue. remember, when you fight, fight to win. do not allow your enemy a chance to beat you by bneing careless, sloppy, or foolish.
rise from the ashes of defeat
proper use of ordered flexibility, focus, and execution
indirect and obscure
(check original boook for medievil japanese military terminology)

[2 foundation] -----------------------
master competitor
techniques ar superficial
water can be calm and pleasant
the competitive executive gathers together small pieces of information to create winning tactics
fire: face to face conflict or negotiating
your spirit should remain unchanged, even under pressure
fabric: manage people
focus: concentrate your attack in an appropriate place at an appropriate time
understand rhythm timing and control
win fame and fortune
shownem, charlatans, and pirates
siren song
people are often viewed as commodities to be exploited and discared
discipline and skill
watch morale and attitude closely
an overemphasis on either competence or confidenc can result in defeat.
confidence: close contact with other people
competence: distance between parties
expose your weakness if you use only confidence
beware of standard approaces. they are predictable.
if you become predictable, you will be defeated.
do not become rigid.
track your action and your opponent reaction
using people:
	good stamina and even temperament
	to win a battle, your close associates should be strong and capable
timing:
	in competition, don't move too quickly nor too slowly
rules:
	1. do what is right. study what is correct.
	2. sense the rhythm and timing in everyday situation.
	3. broaden your knowledge of the practice of management.
	4. study other arts and professions.
	5. distinguish between profitable and unprofitable matters.
	6. see reality under all circumstances
	7. look for that which is not obvious
	8. concentrate on critical details
	9. eliminate useless activity

[3 form] -----------------------
ordered flexibility
think of winning, not of position
combat is a convinient metaphor
do not allow others to read your thoughts
see things from your opponent's point of view
nothing upsets your competitiors and inspires your companions like steadiness under pressure
- hold yourself erect
- keep your face composed
- do not wrinkle or distort your features
- do not register emotions with your eyes
- do not unintentionally make distracting motions or noises
this is a sign of nevousness
the way you train is the way you perform. train hard
execution: appropriate tactics, appropriate timing
do not insist on perfection
react:
	resources: the most critical is timely and accurate information
	environment: trends, economy, politics, technology, public opinion
	attitude: dont fear failure or anticipate success, fear is the greates enemy you face
	concentration:
	timing:
be on guard.
maintain balance (inferior in resources? balance with superior attitude, speed, and timing)
take this to heart.
use the move of your opponent to your own advantage
you can never know too much about your enemy, yourself, or the situation
remove those who repeatedly fail
trust is developed through training and practice
in the absence of specific knowledge, the best position is the neutral one
do the unexpected
keep the enemy off balance
if you know you are strong, appear weak
an arrogant enemy is a careless enemy
observe carefully
speak softly
make obvious, intentional mistakes
bumble a little
if your opponent unerestimates you, you have a great opportunity to win
be unpredictable
appear distracted
be prepared to act when the opportunity arises
be prepared for ambush
make the enemy come to you
wait for an opportynity before attacking
better to delay an attack than to fail
if you cannot win, wait.
defend yourself carefully.
conserve your strength
be alert and ready
fooling the enemy is agenerally mor profitable than directly attacking him
those who are prepared to be steady under pressure will survive in difficult situatuins
from ancient war strategies to modern day victory ...
greed destrys perception
do not allow yourself to be provoked or coerced into rashness
watch for decetions and traps
fight the enemy when he is short on supplies and manpower
if the enemy is confused, attack quickly
contol time and pace of battle
force the enemy to come to you
do not lose heart when defeated
salvage what you can, regroup and watch for your chance
the enemy may relax if he thinks you are not dangerous
seek a quick victory
the longer you are exposed to the risks of combat, the greater your chances for defeat from unforeseen elements
battlefield conditions change rapidly
manintain flexibility in attitude and in formation
focus strength on weakness
faster on slower
greater on lesser
if you can win, concentrate your forces and gain victory, if you cannot win, disperse your forces and avoid defeat
high morale is critical to success in difficult situations
be especially careful when an enemy who is under pressure begins to negotiate
he is trying to gain time
think always of stabbing him in the eye, his point of greatest vulnerability
in the midst of a battle
practice constantly
respond to challenges
honne you ability to discern the motives and tactics of others at a glance
train diligently
seize the moment
conflict
mind and heart
walk down the path towards mastery of competition with patience
the msater competitor wins over himself first
do not allow your attention to wander
be consistent and steady in your approach
you can gain intuitive understanding of situations if you challenge yourself in practice
once you master yourself, you can master others
pay attention

[4. fire] ----------------------- 
