1. go small. don't focus on being busy; focus on being productive. allow what matters most to drive your day.
2. go extreme. once you've figured out what actually matters, keep asking what matters most until there is only one thing left. that core activity goes at the top of your success list.
3. say no. whether you say "later" of "never", the point is to say "not now" to anything else you could do until your most important work is done
4. don't get trapped in the "check off" game. if we believe things don't matter equaly, we must act accordingly. we can't fall prey to the notion that everything has to be done, that checking things off our list is what success is all about. we can't be trapped in a game of "check off" that never produces a willne. the truth is that things don't matter wqually and success is found in doing what matters most.

1. distraction is natural. don't feel bad when you get distracted. everyone gets distracted.
2. multitasking takes a toll. at home or at work, distractions lead to poor choices, painful mistakes, and unnecessary stress.
3. distraction undermines results. when you try to do too much at once, you can end up doing nothing well. figure out what matters most in the moment and give it your undivided attention.

1. don't be a disciplined person. be a person of powerful habits and use selected disicpline to develop them.
2. build one habit at a time. success is sequential, not simultaneous. no one actually has the discipline to acquire more than one powerful new habit at a time. super-successful people aren't superhuman at all; they've just used selected discipline to develop a few significant habits. one at a time. over time.
3. give each habit enough time. stick with the discipline long enough for it to become routine. habits, on average, take 66 days to form. once a habit is solidly established, you can either build on that habit or, if appropriate, build another one.

1. don't spread your willpower too thin. on any given day, you have a limited supply of willpower, so decide what matters and reserve your willpower for it.
2. monitor your fuel gauge. full-strength willpower requires a full tahnk. never let what matters most be compromised because your brain was under-gueled. eat right and regularly.
3. time your task. do what matters most first each day when you willpower is strongest. maximum strength willpower means maximum success.

1. think about two balancing buckets. separate your work life and personal life into two distinct buckets - not to compartmentalize them, just for counterbalancing. each has its own coutnerbalancing goals and approaches.
2. counterbalance your work bucket. view work as involving a skill or knowledge that must be masteres. this will cause you to give disproportionate time to your one thing and will throw the rest of your work day, week, month, and year continually out of balance. your work life is divided into two distinct areas - what matters most and everything else. you will have to take what matters to the extremes and bo okay with what happends to the rest. professional success requires it.
3. counterbalance your personal life bucket. acknowledge that your life actually has multiple areas and that each requires a minimum of attention for you to feel that you "have a life". drop any one and you will feel the effects. thais requires constant awareness. you must never go too long or too far without counterbalancing them so that they are all active areas of your life. your personal life requires it.

1. think big
2. don't order from the menu
3. act bold
4. don't fear failure

1. great questions are the path to great answers
2. the focusing question is a double-duty question
3. the big-picture question
4. teh small-focus question
