books: 
	get back your day (daniel walter)

clutter creates disorder, and disorder creates chaos

1. start making your bed
it's the small habits that matters
a cluttered environment is a reflection of a cluttered mind
10 lessons I learned when ...
completing small tasks give you momentum
adopt a standard of excellence
if you slip back into your old habits, don't expect to move forward in life
people are impatient, when they don't see immediate results, they revert back to old habits
you never stick to anything enough to see results

2. what exatly is decluttering --------------------------------
get rid of things you don't need
decluttering is not organizing or moving things away from sight, is getting rid of
decluttering si very overwhelming, not easy
stop filling more space with more stuff, the bigger the house the more it clutters
clutter is like comfort food for some people
get rid of worthless things
do we buy because of neuromarketing?
take a break from impulse buying
no longer slave to advertising campaigns and full control over your buying habits
clutter is a waste of time, energy, and space
messy home can make you feel frustrated, embarassed, and anxious
procrastination, emotions, fear, clarity, confuse, energy, space, habit

3. getting organized - the benefits --------------------------------
clutter maakes it difficult for employees to focus, slows down visual processing, and they are easily distracted because there is always something else to focus on other thant thair work
cluttered word environment has a negative effect on employee productivity
organization is possible when you thow away what you don't need
according to the united states news and world report, the average american spends approximately 12 months within the span of theiur life looking for lost items.
[statistics]
having an organized environment frees your mind to become more relaxed and focused
the majority of stress in your life is related to your disorganized space and messy environment
you will set the standards for your family / employees
studies have found that people with clutter in teh bedroom experience more disturbance while asleep


4. decluttering and unexpected transformation--------------------------------
the importance of organization, clean, order breeds success, clean the car
if there is anything in your environmebt the you can't look at and say this is excellent, then fix it
today, it is reare to find perseverance, determination, and attentiong to detail in a person
if you do the bare minimum, don't expect huge results.
treasure what you have and finish what you start.
when projects are left incomplete, no matter how small, they take up both physical and mental space.
unfinishd projects steal your peace and drain your energy


[5. creating a sense of order] --------------------------------
