2:

semantics = user behavior (not dictionary)
clustering:
	1. documents
	2. queries
	3. users
*** target everything to stay safe

3: topical map
	principles:
		1. vastness
		2. depth
		3. momentum
	1. core section (deep, sanificazione?)
	2. author section (flat)
	choose a central entity (ozono?)
	choose a source context (how do you make money?)

4: topical map components
	main search intent?
	keyword of main search intent must appear in all articles in main content
	find main predicates

5: central entity, central search intent, site-wide ngrams
	central entity = ozono (appear in all articles, site-wide)
	central serach intent = sanificazione (apper in all articles too, sell generators)

6: title tag
	every webpage has a macro context
	use chatgpt for outline
	use "and" for amplyfing context (religion and belief structure in germany)
	repeat key words in articles in core section to make the context clear

7: url
	hierarchical
	url with common words should be linked together
	most important attribute to the top of url
	urls are the first thing bots see
	use a proper cotextual crawl path
	convince the search engine faster and in an easier way that your content is worth crawling
	in the core section is more flat (everything comes under "visa", sanificazione?)
	in the author section is more deep (everyting comes under "life")

	3 herachy?
		1. root
		2. seed
		3. node
	
	root connected to home page?
	seed connected to root
	node connected to seed

	you define the macro contex of the article accordingly to the path and the links of the urls too

8: meta description (not ranking factor)
	summary of article
	repeat title (slightly different version) and expand further
	create a template, pattern to make search engines recognize it easier, be consistent
	use sinonims and add micro cotenxts

9: macro-micro context
	most of hte article must be about macro

10: image url and alt tag
	expand and variate further on title tag, url, description
	reflect topicality better to increase relevance
	image url try to not exceed 3 words (ex. ozono-sanificazione-casa)
	image alt tag is variation or expansion of image url
	no sentences, just works and conjunctions
	unique images, show search engines you put the effort

11: publication date
	momentum
	pattern, choose one, not random, use a frequency
	don't public during major updates

12: labels
	color code articles for publishing

13: code language (rules, standardization) for brief
	fs: featured snippet (40 words, 320 character limit)
	paa: people also ask (the definitive answer should be given in a single sentence)
	anchor text: word -> url
	listing: list items for fs
	definitive answer: long-form mentioning answer
	"term": include the term with definition or context

14: koray's framework
	- contextual vector
	- contextual hierarchy: h1, h2, h3
	- contextual structure
	- contextual connection

	query terms (keyword) -> contextual vectors (generate questions) -> order them -> assing hX ->
		then create structure (how to answer the question, in what format, sentences, images, statistics) ->
		then internal links and text

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

15: contextual and knowledge domains
	understand how search engine generate questions from keywords
	left side of query term "ozono", right side attribute "sanificazione"
	generate query based on source context (ozono sanificazione)

16: attribute filtration
	filter attribute to support source context
	3 criteria:
		1. attribute prominence (?)
		2. attribute popularity (keyword volume)
		3. attribute relevance (relevant to your source context)

17: root of semantic content network (h1?)
	search intent (what to know before going to germany? - know/go)
	ozono: cosa devi sapere su questo gas

18: contextual vector and question generation
	use questions for heading so that search engines don't have to do it for you

19: attributes for question generation
	1. root attributes
	2. rare attributes
	3. unique attributes
	
	four types of questions:
		1. boolean
		2. definitional
		3. grouping 
		4. comparative
	
	h1 should hint all the h2 under it
	h2 should hint all the h3 under it

20: question generation
	find the best question (shorter but semantically correct)
	
21. contextual structure
	write the brief of the section

22. contextual coverage and contextual flow
	main purpose of the article
	h1 general summary
	take knowlege base > ... > create knowledge base > verbalize knowledge base
	organize page
	organizing web pages and content is your competitive advantage to AI
	AGI based info retrival?

23. contextual connection and bridges
	internal links
	don't use links at the beginning
	use links within the content but with enough space between them

24. how to structure answers

25. language model

26. project structure
	templatize

27. another example

28. outrank authorities

29. prioritization of topics
	start from main attributes (articles) not easy one

30. information tree

31. topical map creation with annotational semantic

32. signaling the macro context with images

33. limits and optimization of momentum

34. contral entity and source context

35. contextual vector constructor
	ex list post. maily h2, title give context to article, article should reflect title contextual vector
	- if title is benefits, the list starts with positive predicates + nouns
	- number list

36. macro and micro contextual vector

37. supplementary and main content

38. contextual hierarchy and connections

39. contextual structure analysis and flow
	start with definitions

40. contextual structure with algorithmic rules

41. extractive and abstractive summary
	h1. general summary section
	modify sentences from the article and use them in the h1 -> absractive
	extract sencences -> extractive
	the summary must flow and connect with the rest of hte content
	write the conclusion too?

42. contextual structure for entities from same class
	if list post, use same struture in all items
	
	example structure:
		- definition
		- how it works
		- how much?
		- how long?
		- what proof?
		- mention studies, researches, doctor, health institution

	repeate predicates:
		- improve, increase, develop, make

	use one term one to 5 times befor using it to link
	
46. contextual border
	between macro and micro context 
	use exact definitive answer (not should, can, may)
	give fact and expand with evidence

	list definition + listing
	don't use incomplete sentences with : before list

	use the correct format per answer
	not always true in the supportive content (usually use paragraph)

47. microsemantics
	maybe use paragraph and use the correct format in the subarticle?
	do not delay the answer and cut the fluff out
	give the most rich, detailed, and better formatted answer in the correct page	

48. knowledge-base contruction within definitions
	relevant introduction and be coherent with content and organize correctly

49. balancing contextual coverage

50. structuring context with macro and micro semantics

51. turning queries into headings

52. including answer terms with contextual flow

53. matching and signalling anchor text terms

54. using boolean questions in queries

55. consolidating contextual relevance
	tip: check the number of occurences of a word for clustering and prioritizing

56. using antonyms for contextual bridges
	justify the contextual flow by using words and phrases in on paragraph before using them in the subheading

57. phrase sequences and distributional semantics

58. using multiple content format in a single web document

59. lemmatization in contextual vector

60. creating information extraction points

61. sequence modeling and canonical queries

62. reading query networks

63. using multiple contextual domains in main content

64. connecting attributes of central entity

65. data to website
	your website is just a rapresentation of your dataset
	no conflicting informations

66. 

67.

68. include studies, numbers, researches

69. 

70. consensus.app

71.

72.

73. 
