#1: The Great USP
	message-->media-->market
	loudly advertising poor goods is bad stratagy
	warning: don't use "low-price" as USP
	USP: a way of summarizing and telegraphing the chief benefit
	USP: may express the theme of your business, product, service
	ex: "fresh, hot pizza delivered in 30 minutes or less, guaranteed."
	ex. the "sun tea jar"
	ex. add "for who is it for". the "hey, that's for ME!" works
	services: package intangible services into tangible products
	question: "why should I choose you versus all other competitors"
	what's your mission?
	use the 3x5 card strategy

#2: Presentation
	message-media
	ex. fresh fish market
	ex. doctor + white coats + stethoscope
	ex. plain-jan product packaging refund
	product/personal packaging is important
	clear vs confusing
	be well organized
		1. awareness of need and desire
		2. picking product/service
		3. picking vendor
		4. accepting price/value argument
		5. finding reasons to act now 
		picking the right starting point is important
	eliminate all assumptions
	create alarmisms
	ignite interest
		1. never be boring
			the power of secrets
			find ways to add drama (dramatic demonstations)
				dramatic first-person story
				before/after
				dramatic story of customers
				shocking statistics and revelations
				dramatic slogans, headlines, statements
				physical demonstations
	ask for action, every time, in every presentation
		[book - outrageous advertising that's outrageously successful]
		
#3: Targets
	don't waste ammos at the wrong target
	starving crowd
	even blind archery works 1 time in a 1000, but it's not smart strategy
	demographics: dominate it. farming. [sites for lists]
	tailoring and delivering your message to the right target
	in every business there are must-buy-now buyers

#4: Proof
	message
	people lost most of their trust
	offer too good to be true, people don't believe you	
	people don't trust free stuff
	don't trust 50% off
	don't trust guarantees
	don't trust testimonials
	the ultimate rule:
		prove every single item in you case
	proponderance of proof
		pictures that prove your case
	testimonials are facts, statements are claims
		the absense or underuse of testimonials is the #1 error
		a testimonial is a pair of snapshots - before/after
		make 2 lists
			1. list every claim, feature, benefit, and fact
			2. list every doubt, fear, or question that might exist in your prospective mind
		celebrity endorsements [book]
	association
		tell big names you associat with, so you seem big too
	pictures
		before/after
		can't do/can do	
		huge group of people listening to you on stage
	math	
		every minute of every day, 14 people die of Disease X

#5: Perception

